jellyfin/README.md, before:

# Jellyfin

[Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/) is the volunteer-built media solution that puts you in control of your media. Stream to any device from your own server, with no strings attached. Your media, your server, your way.

## Deployment

- Create `.env` file based on `.env.template`.
- Customize the environment if needed.
- Setup secrets (`<secret>`) in any.
- Modify the compose with your own configuration.
- Deploy with `docker-compose up -d`.

## Tips

- If you planned to use Transcoding, follow the [related documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/hardware-acceleration.html). In my case, I use *VAAPI* on *Debian Buster*, so previously I need to run this commands:

    ```bash
    $ apt install autoconf libtool libdrm-dev xorg xorg-dev openbox libx11-dev libgl1-mesa-glx libgl1-mesa-dev
    $ apt install intel-media-va-driver-non-free
    $ apt install vainfo
    $ sudo reboot
    ```

    Then I could uncomment the devices configuration lines in the `docker-compose.yml` file.

Commit message:

[Jellyfin] Add JELLYFIN_PublishedServerUrl env

jellyfin/README.md, after:

# Jellyfin

[Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/) is the volunteer-built media solution that puts you in control of your media. Stream to any device from your own server, with no strings attached. Your media, your server, your way.

## Deployment

- Create `.env` file based on `.env.template`.
- Customize the environment if needed.
- Setup secrets (`<secret>`) in any.
- Modify the compose with your own configuration.
- Deploy with `docker-compose up -d`.

## Tips

- `JELLYFIN_PublishedServerUrl` environment variable is necessary if you want to use `network_mode bridge` in order to correctly show your host *IP* in the *Jellyfin Apps* in your home network.
- If you planned to use Transcoding, follow the [related documentation](https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/administration/hardware-acceleration.html). In my case, I use *VAAPI* on *Debian Buster*, so previously I need to run this commands:

    ```bash
    $ apt install autoconf libtool libdrm-dev xorg xorg-dev openbox libx11-dev libgl1-mesa-glx libgl1-mesa-dev
    $ apt install intel-media-va-driver-non-free
    $ apt install vainfo
    $ sudo reboot
    ```

    Then I could uncomment the devices configuration lines in the `docker-compose.yml` file.
